ReadMe.md, before:

# Rock, Paper, Scissor Game
The idea behind this game is that the computer chooses randomly between Rock, Paper and Scissor and a human enters his choice of the three choices. Then the program determines the winner by the following rules.
- Paper covers the rock with these choices the one who choose paper is the winner
- Scissor cuts the paper with these choices the one who choose scissor is the winner
- Rock crush the scissor with these choices the one who choose the rock is the winner

If it is a tie no one is winning
Then it outputs the winner in the console.

## Pseudocode:
1. Set number of rounds in our case 5
2. Initialize round counter variable to zero
3. Initialize computer score and human score to zero
4. While round counter is smaller than the number of rounds increment the counter by 1 then
  1. Get a user inputs a choice
  2. Get the computer choice
  3. If computers’ choice is equal to the users’ choice print `Its a tie`
  4. If computers’ choice is paper and users’ choice is rock, print `You lose! Paper covers the rock` and increment computers’ score by one.
  5. If users’ choice  is paper and computers’ is rock, print `You won! Paper covers the Rock` and increment users’ score by one.
  6. If computers’ choice is scissor and users’ choice is paper, print `You lose! Scissor cuts Paper` and increments computers’ score by one.
  7. If users’ choice  is scissor and computers’ is paper, print `You won! Scissor cuts Paper` and increment users’ score by one.
  8. If computers’ choice is rock and users’ choice is scissor, print `You lose! Rock crush Scissors` and increment computers’ score by one.
  9. If users’ choice  is rock and computers’ is scissor, print `You won! Rock crush Scissors` and increment users’ score by one.
5. If human score is equal to computer score print `No winner` with their scores.
6. If human score is greater than computer score print `You are the winner` otherwise print `You loose` with their scores.

Go ahead to play by following this [link.](https://ndosie.github.io/rock-paper-scissor-game/)

Commit message:

Update script.js and ReadMe.md files Updated script.js file to show final results with the final scores Updated ReadMe.md file to add psedocode for UI

ReadMe.md, after:

# Rock, Paper, Scissor Game
The idea behind this game is that the computer chooses randomly between Rock, Paper and Scissor and a human enters his choice of the three choices. Then the program determines the winner by the following rules.
- Paper covers the rock with these choices the one who choose paper is the winner
- Scissor cuts the paper with these choices the one who choose scissor is the winner
- Rock crush the scissor with these choices the one who choose the rock is the winner

If it is a tie no one is winning
Then it outputs the winner in the console.

## Pseudocode:
1. Set number of rounds in our case 5
2. Initialize round counter variable to zero
3. Initialize computer score and human score to zero
4. While round counter is smaller than the number of rounds increment the counter by 1 then
  1. Get a user inputs a choice
  2. Get the computer choice
  3. If computers’ choice is equal to the users’ choice print `Its a tie`
  4. If computers’ choice is paper and users’ choice is rock, print `You lose! Paper covers the rock` and increment computers’ score by one.
  5. If users’ choice  is paper and computers’ is rock, print `You won! Paper covers the Rock` and increment users’ score by one.
  6. If computers’ choice is scissor and users’ choice is paper, print `You lose! Scissor cuts Paper` and increments computers’ score by one.
  7. If users’ choice  is scissor and computers’ is paper, print `You won! Scissor cuts Paper` and increment users’ score by one.
  8. If computers’ choice is rock and users’ choice is scissor, print `You lose! Rock crush Scissors` and increment computers’ score by one.
  9. If users’ choice  is rock and computers’ is scissor, print `You won! Rock crush Scissors` and increment users’ score by one.
5. If human score is equal to computer score print `No winner` with their scores.
6. If human score is greater than computer score print `You are the winner` otherwise print `You loose` with their scores.


## Pseudocode UI Update:

1. Initialize computer score and human score to zero
2. Show user button with three choices
3. User select the choice
4. get computer choice
5. If no one has reached five points display buttons
  1. Keep showing buttons for user to select the choice
  2. Get the computer choice
  3. If computers’ choice is equal to the users’ choice print `Its a tie` with their choices
  4. If computers’ choice is paper and users’ choice is rock, print `You lose! Paper covers the rock` and increment computers’ score by one.
  5. If users’ choice  is paper and computers’ is rock, print `You won! Paper covers the Rock` and increment users’ score by one.
  6. If computers’ choice is scissor and users’ choice is paper, print `You lose! Scissor cuts Paper` and increments computers’ score by one.
  7. If users’ choice  is scissor and computers’ is paper, print `You won! Scissor cuts Paper` and increment users’ score by one.
  8. If computers’ choice is rock and users’ choice is scissor, print `You lose! Rock crush Scissors` and increment computers’ score by one.
  9. If users’ choice  is rock and computers’ is scissor, print `You won! Rock crush Scissors` and increment users’ score by one.
6. If either of the two has reached five points, 
  1. Hide buttons
  2. Announce the winner
  3. Reset the scores and allow the user to restart the game.


Go ahead to play by following this [link.](https://ndosie.github.io/rock-paper-scissor-game/)
